README.md, before:

## Tor Android

This is native Android `TorService` built on the Tor shared library built for
Android.  The included _libtor.so_ binaries can also be used directly as a tor
daemon.  Binaries are available on the <a href="https://github.com/guardianproject/gpmaven">Guardian Project Maven Repo</a>:

First add the repo to your top level `build.gradle` project:
```gradle
allprojects {
    repositories {
        // ...
        maven { url "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/guardianproject/gpmaven/master" }
    }
}
```

Then add the `tor-android` and `jtorctl` dependencies to your project:
```gradle
dependencies {
    implementation 'info.guardianproject:tor-android:0.4.8.16.2'
    implementation 'info.guardianproject:jtorctl:0.4.5.7'
}
```

Apps using tor-android need to declare the `INTERNET` permission in their Android Manifest file:

```xml
    <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
```

Tor protects your privacy on the internet by hiding the connection 
between your Internet address and the services you use. We believe Tor
is reasonably secure, but please ensure you read the instructions and
configure it properly. Learn more at https://torproject.org/

## Minimum Requirements 

In order to use tor-android you need to target Android **API 24** or higher. 

It runs on the following hardware architectures:
- arm64-v8a 
- armeabi-v7a
- x86
- x86_64

## Tor Frequently Asked Questions:
        
- https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq
- https://support.torproject.org/faq/


## How to Build

Please see: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/guardianproject/tor-android/master/BUILD.md

This can be built reproducibly using the included Vagrant VM setup.  That will
run with either _libvirt_ or VirtualBox.  The provisioning is based on the
"release" job in _.gitlab-ci.yml_.

Commit message:

Add Table of Dependencies to README
For tor, libevent, openssl, zlib and zstd. When bumping these update the README with the new version number and link to the release.

README.md, after:

## Tor Android

This is native Android `TorService` built on the Tor shared library built for
Android.  The included `libtor.so` binaries can also be used directly as a tor
daemon.

Currently, Tor Android is built with the following versions of `tor`, `libevent`, `openssl`, `zlib` and `zstd`:

| Component | Version  |
|:--------- | --------:|
| tor       | [0.4.8.16](https://forum.torproject.org/t/stable-release-0-4-8-16/18062) |
| libevent  | [2.1.12](https://github.com/libevent/libevent/releases/tag/release-2.1.12-stable)   |
| OpenSSL   | [3.0.16](https://github.com/openssl/openssl/releases/tag/openssl-3.0.16)    |
| zlib   | [1.3.1](https://github.com/madler/zlib/releases/tag/v1.3.1)    |
| zstd | [1.5.6](https://github.com/facebook/zstd/releases/tag/v1.5.6)    |

Tor Android binaries are available on the <a href="https://github.com/guardianproject/gpmaven">Guardian Project Maven Repo</a>:

First add the repo to your top level `build.gradle` project:
```gradle
allprojects {
    repositories {
        // ...
        maven { url "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/guardianproject/gpmaven/master" }
    }
}
```

Then add the `tor-android` and `jtorctl` dependencies to your project:
```gradle
dependencies {
    implementation 'info.guardianproject:tor-android:0.4.8.16.2'
    implementation 'info.guardianproject:jtorctl:0.4.5.7'
}
```

Apps using tor-android need to declare the `INTERNET` permission in their Android Manifest file:

```xml
    <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
```

Tor protects your privacy on the internet by hiding the connection 
between your Internet address and the services you use. We believe Tor
is reasonably secure, but please ensure you read the instructions and
configure it properly. Learn more at https://torproject.org/

## Minimum Requirements 

In order to use tor-android you need to target Android **API 24** or higher. 

It runs on the following hardware architectures:
- arm64-v8a 
- armeabi-v7a
- x86
- x86_64

## Tor Frequently Asked Questions:
        
- https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq
- https://support.torproject.org/faq/


## How to Build

Please see: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/guardianproject/tor-android/master/BUILD.md

This can be built reproducibly using the included Vagrant VM setup.  That will
run with either _libvirt_ or VirtualBox.  The provisioning is based on the
"release" job in _.gitlab-ci.yml_.
